README.md, before:

# aosp-10

Scripts that build aosp 10 for xperia devices using linux kernel 4.9 or 4.14 and including opengapps.

A usage description of the scripts can be displayed via:
```
build-4.x.sh -h|--help
```

Please be aware that these scripts are not appropriate for a developer aosp tree that contains
changes but should only be used on clean trees, since the script will do things like:
- delete files
- git hard resets
- git checkouts

For general build instructions how to setup and build aosp for xperia see:\
https://developer.sony.com/develop/open-devices/guides/aosp-build-instructions

The script contains following variables that can be set from outside.
The value after the colon is the default value.
```
SOURCE=${SOURCE:-~/android/source}
LUNCH_CHOICE=${LUNCH_CHOICE:-aosp_g8441-userdebug}
PLATFORM=${PLATFORM:-yoshino}
DEVICE=${DEVICE:-lilac}
```

To build nile, using kernel 4.9 following script call has to be done:
```
env LUNCH_CHOICE=aosp_h3113-userdebug PLATFORM=nile DEVICE=pioneer ./build-4.9.sh
```

[WIP] NOT YET TESTED!!!\
To switch to a different branch before building, call the script as follows:
```
./build-4.x.sh -b android-10.0.0_rXX
```

Commit message:

Add --keep-local functionality
With the change it is now possible to switch the aosp manifest branch
but to keep the sodp local_manifests branch as is. This can be used to
get earlier access to new android security releases.

An overview of the latest security branches from aosp can be found here:
https://source.android.com/setup/start/build-numbers

Having a local_manifests branch ithat is not inline with aosp manifest
branch may cause build-problems or runtime problems. Additionally it is
not a supported configuration by sodp, so failures because of using
different branches must not be reported on the sodp bug_tracker.

README.md, after:

# aosp-10

Scripts that build aosp 10 for xperia devices using linux kernel 4.9 or 4.14 and including opengapps.

A usage description of the scripts can be displayed via:
```
build-4.x.sh -h|--help
```

Please be aware that these scripts are not appropriate for a developer aosp tree that contains
changes but should only be used on clean trees, since the script will do things like:
- delete files
- git hard resets
- git checkouts

For general build instructions how to setup and build aosp for xperia see:\
https://developer.sony.com/develop/open-devices/guides/aosp-build-instructions

The script contains following variables that can be set from outside.
The value after the colon is the default value.
```
SOURCE=${SOURCE:-~/android/source}
LUNCH_CHOICE=${LUNCH_CHOICE:-aosp_g8441-userdebug}
PLATFORM=${PLATFORM:-yoshino}
DEVICE=${DEVICE:-lilac}
```

To build nile, using kernel 4.9 following script call has to be done:
```
env LUNCH_CHOICE=aosp_h3113-userdebug PLATFORM=nile DEVICE=pioneer ./build-4.9.sh
```

To switch to a different branch before building, call the script as follows:
```
./build-4.x.sh -b android-10.0.0_rXX
```

To switch to the 2020-02-05 branch while keeping the `.repo/local_manifests/` on the current
branch (e.g. android-10.0.0_r21) and building aosp 10 with kernel 4.9 use:
```
./build-4.9.sh -b android-10.0.0_r26 -k
```

Please be aware that switching the aosp branch and keeping the local manifests branch is **not**
officially supported by the sodp (Sony Open Device Project).

An overview of available branches can be found here:\
https://source.android.com/setup/start/build-numbers
